about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
description: >-
    Course policies and information.
---

# About
{:.no_toc}

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## About

This class teaches basic principles, guildelines, tools and practices of human computer interaction. The class will cover a broad range of issues starting with the human cognitive and perceptual capabilities, 2D interfaces, 3D and multimodal interfaces, interfaces for web and mobile devices, and usability and evaluation methods. The course will emphasize practical applications and thus require students to carry out many UI design and evaluation projects. The lectures will also try to use as many case studies as possible.

## Lecture

The main objective of this course is to understand the principles of HCI, become skillful in HCI design and evaluation, and gain a deep perspective on the subject matter.

## Resources

Human–Computer Interaction: Fundamentals and Practice, CRC Press

## Assignments

Coming Soon 🤮

Commit message:

Exclude about-page in nav

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
nav_exclude: true
description: >-
    Course policies and information.
---

# About
{:.no_toc}

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---

## About
Welcome to [Course Name]! This course focuses on UI development, AI in UX, and building interactive systems. The course involves hands-on projects, including an AI-assisted ticketing service project.



This class teaches basic principles, guildelines, tools and practices of human computer interaction. The class will cover a broad range of issues starting with the human cognitive and perceptual capabilities, 2D interfaces, 3D and multimodal interfaces, interfaces for web and mobile devices, and usability and evaluation methods. The course will emphasize practical applications and thus require students to carry out many UI design and evaluation projects. The lectures will also try to use as many case studies as possible.

## Lecture

The main objective of this course is to understand the principles of HCI, become skillful in HCI design and evaluation, and gain a deep perspective on the subject matter.

## Resources

Human–Computer Interaction: Fundamentals and Practice, CRC Press

## Assignments

Coming Soon 🤮
